Q1. Read the 4 Agile Manifesto values and the 12 principles behind the Agile Manifesto
(See link in Resources), then review the "Artifacts of Inception" in Chapter 4 slide 8.
Here you should see the connection how Inception artifacts are linked to the Agile values.
Select one of the artifacts, and explain how it is important/relevant to meet each of the 
Agile values.

Answer:
----------
Every project before it is commenced should have a vision and business case. 
It is important to note that a project without a vision is like a vehicle without a driver. 
The vision should be aspirational and it should span one or two sentences stating the 
ultimate reason for creating the product and the positive change the project would bring 
about. 

While a vision statement is important, a project without a business case is like swimming 
against the strong ocean current. It is a cost-benefit analysis document. In practice, it is used to 
track whether the ongoing development is likely to meet the business value outlined 
(vision).

I will describe the importance of some artifacts and how it is connected to the agile values:

Responding To Change:  Business case is a dynamic document. It is not constant. 
Every section of the business case can change. It has to be reviewed regularly and updated 
as necessary. The key-stakeholders use this to track the project's viability. 
It is the responsibility of the project manager and the owner of the business case 
(chief stakeholder/sponsor) to regularly monitor those elements to determine if the project
should be stopped or the scope of the project be reduced, or is worth investing more 
resources to deliver the project.

Individuals And Interactions:  After the vision and objectives have been declared,
the business stakeholders and development team need to qualify the business value that is 
expected from the project deliverables or product, in terms of timescale, cost estimate for
developing the project, so that the key stakeholders can determine whether the development 
is justified from a business point of view.

Working Software: No business case means no target for project deliverables - other than 
the meeting of technical specification. The project team might get over-engaged in technical
details, losing sight of the goals of the project. There is likely to be disappointment 
after the completion of the project, as the stakeholders are wondering why the project 
(software) is not giving the great results they imagined because the project manager did not
know what the expectations were.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Q2- In FURPS+ we learn what question categories to address when starting a new software product. 
The intention is to identify as many high risks as possible early in the project before we proceed 
further. For instance, if the product requires some technology that we do not possess 
the cost to purchase, then the project cannot proceed. Another example is that if the 
project requires some legal clearance that we do not have then we cannot proceed either.
You are asked to describe the kind of questions you would ask in each category of FURPS+. 
Specifically, limit your answer to any 4 categories, and only present 1 or 2 questions in 
that selected category. Each is worth 1 point, total 4.

Answer:
--------
To answer this question, I will use a case study of a developer, who wants to develop 
an app for a client. This app fetches the lyrics of any song from a database when it is 
played and displays the lyrics. This app is targeted mainly towards language learners.

Functionality:
------------
will it support other languages?
will it store lyrics on the device for offline use?

Implementation:
-----------------
which hardware is being targeted?
which mobile OS and version should the app run on?

Supportability:
--------------
will it have an online support for bug fix and troubleshooting of software issues?
will the app have subsequent upgrades and what is the allocated budget?

Legal:
--------
will it be licensed or open source?
will it be a paid or free app?

